git config --global user.name "Mario-2509"

git config --global user.email niharkuttan@gmail.com

This is the explanation of the webpage and CSS style for my submission for Assignment 3. The webpage would contain the main HTML code and the CSS style sheet would have the rule sets for the toggle button. 
First thing, setting the type of the document to be HTML. The title tag would be the name of my webpage. The link tag would link the webpage to the CSS style sheet. The script tags contain the java script of my code. Firstly, the Javascript includes functions linked to each image buttons. So, when clicking these buttons, the corresponding function would change the source of the image to the respective image which is related to that button. Further, these functions also use the innerHTML element to change the text for each image when the buttons are clicked. Moreover, there is another function for the toggle theme button which when called would change the theme between light and dark. In this function an element is set to the light mode and the (.toggle) element is used to switch to the dark mode. 
Additionally, the style tags contain the styling for the light and dark mode. The body element in the style tag represents the default light mode the background colour is set to white. The (.dark-mode) element represents the dark mode hence the background colour is set black. Furthermore, the style tags also contain the styling the for each button of the webpage. The font, colour, padding, border etc. have all been kept same for every button to make the website look unified throughout. 
Moreover, the body tags of the code contain the main things which needs to be displayed on the webpage. The H1 tag has the ID of user the input, hence the heading would change to whatever the user enters. Further, the toggle theme button is defined with an OnClick element. So whenever the button is pressed it would call the toggle theme function which switches between the dark and light mode. In addition, the home page buttons are also defined with the specified margin as well. The form tags acts as a class here which has an onload element calling the update heading function. Further, the image buttons are defined with an onclick element which calls the Imagechanger function, this function would change the image when the button is clicked.  
Lastly, there is another div class for the article. This class has style which draws a border around the article text. The heading is center aligned and the text is justified. 

